Premier League is back, baby.
Good morning, my friend.
This is Coffee with Kaizen number three. Today is Monday,
August 16th, 2021.
Today we're talking about the Premier League, man, because
it's finally back, bro. It's finally back. You know how long
I've been waiting to watch another game of football for?
Like, months and months and months. Like, my life is not the
same without football.
You feel what I'm saying? So I'm extremely excited that
Premier League is back. Another round of Champions League is
coming up soon. We're gonna have a lot of football, a lot of
good games, a lot of strong teams this year, at least in the
Premier League. I don't really follow Spain or France or
Germany or Italy or any other, uh, countries. My focus is
mainly on England.
I'm a Man United fan, by the way. I know a lot of times you
see me with the PSG jacket on, but I'm not a PSG fan. Never
have been. Never will be. You understand what I'm saying?
That jacket was actually given to me by a friend of mine
from France. He's a PSG fan, so yeah.
I just like the jacket, you know? But, um, anyway, neither
here nor there. I just want to talk a little bit about
Premier League in general, you know, some couple updates and
things like that and then we'll get out of here, man. So
first thing. Like I said before, I'm extremely excited that
the Premier League is finally back because 2020, as you
know, it was such a strange year, man, for so many different
reasons. But one of the strangest things was to see all the
players playing the games in the stadium with no fans. That
was the strangest thing to me like I don't know what you
think, but watch...watching the game on TV in a stadium that
was built to hold like 50,000 people and there's nobody in
there except the players, the ref and the coaching staff,
it's like, "This is strange." But what was cool about that
is you could listen to the players and what they were saying
because obviously when you're watching a typical game with
all the fans in the stadium, all you hear is the... the
commentators, right? But also the fans just screaming the
entire game. But with nobody in the stadium, it was like
watching a training exercise almost. You could hear the
players yelling back and forth to each other. That was
interesting. But the rest of it, you know, without the fans,
it's just not the same, you know? Like when I was watching
Premier League and these guys are playing with no fans in
the stadium, it just felt like 22 men kicking a ball around.
And that's essentially what football is, regardless of the
situation. Even without the fans in the stadium, it's still
just 22 guys kicking the ball. But what makes it... Part of
what makes it so exciting and interesting and I guess really
the main reason that these leagues exist is because there's
fans willing to pay money to go see a great show, to go see
great talents, to go see a great game, right? So without the
fans in the stadium kind of sucked.
Not only that, but we...we all know the reason, the reason
that these fans couldn't be in the stadium last year
because, you know, they didn't want people spreading
sickness around. Let's just say it that way. But even still,
the players could be on the field playing the game and they
--in some cases--are even closer to each other than the fans
would be in the stands, alright?
So the fans can't come in and watch the game. The players,
no problem at all, you know? It's just kind of weird, right?
You can feel how you want about 2020 and what happened and
what should not have happened and all that type of stuff,
but kind of doesn't make sense the fans can't come in, but
the players can come in and play a contact sport. In a
situation like that, it doesn't really make... I mean, it
does make sense because at the end of the day, the Premier
League, Bundesliga, I mean, all the football leagues around
the world, they're businesses. All the football clubs are
businesses at the end of the day. So it's like we're not
going to let the fans in, but we need to make our money so
let's play these games, let's finish this season so we can
get on to the next one, right? I'm just saying it was
really, really weird to see football with no fans in the
stadium. I'm super excited. I was so happy to turn on the TV
this weekend and see fans in the stadium. Everybody smiling,
happy, cheering cause that's what it's about, man, right? I
mean, to be able to go out and enjoy the game, that's super
cool. Now, weekend results. Let's go over the weekend
results, you know? I got to be honest, I'm pretty happy
about the results because, you know, Man United did that
thing, boy. So on Friday, August 13th, that was the first
game of the season. Brentford versus Arsenal. Brentford beat
Arsenal, two nil. And I got to say, man, nothing makes me
happy. There's only one thing that makes me happier than
seeing Arsenal lose and I'll tell you what that is in just a
second, but it makes me so happy to see Arsenal lose, you
know? And you're probably like, "Why do you hate Arsenal?
What the fuck, bro?" I just...I don't like them. I don't
like Arsenal. I really don't. I really, really don't. It
just makes me happy to see them lose. They're actually one
of our rivals. A lot of people probably don't know that, but
Arsenal is a rival of Man United. But anyway,
Brentford-Arsenal two-nil or 2-0.
Brentford beat Arsenal two nil the word "nil" in this
context means zero, alright? Next, Man United versus Leeds
United five to one, you know what I'm saying?
Man United was looking good, boy, real talk. Man United was
looking real good on Saturday morning. I got to say, goal
scorers Bruno Fernandes, hat trick, Mason Greenwood, Fred
getting on the scoresheet, man, we were looking really,
really good. Now, as a Man United fan, you know, if you
follow Premier League, if you know about football, you know,
like since 2014, Man United has just been going through some
shit, bro.
Like we lost Fergie.
Then who came after that? I think it was Louis van Gaal,
José Mourinho, you know? A lot of talented players came and
went: Angel Di Maria, Lukaku- who's now at Chelsea. Man,
we're going to talk about that in a second. But I'm just
saying, Man United has had a few...tough few years. Like,
for real, we've been kinda going this way with it. Up and
down, up and down, up and down. But, uh, it finally looks
like slowly we're getting back on track. We signed some good
players, we can see the intentions of the owners who are
buying these players, you know what I mean? We're really
trying to rebuild the squad. All the gunner is at the head
of the team, man. And I really think... I really, really,
really think we have a chance of winning the league this
year. It's not going to be easy because a lot of other teams
have strengthened their forces. But, got to believe, right?
So, Man United beat Leeds United five to one. Leicester City
beat the Wolves, one to zero. Chelsea beat Crystal Palace
three-nil. They're looking really good this year. Watford
beat Aston Villa three-two. Everton beat Southampton three
to one. Burnley lost to Brighton, two to one. Norwich lost
to Liverpool, they won by three. It was three to nil. Three
to nil. It was three-nil. (laughs) Don't say three to nil.
That sounds weird. I just heard myself say that, sounds
weird. So Liverpool beat Norwich three-nil. West Ham beat
Newcastle four-two and Tottenham beat Man City one-nil.
And I said a second ago, nothing makes me... almost nothing
makes me happier than seeing Arsenal lose. Nothing makes me
happier than seeing Manchester City lose, dog, like, for
real. Like when you... You know how people they see puppies
or they see babies and things like that on the internet and
they're like, "Oh, that's so sweet." You know, warms their
heart, makes them feel good on the inside, that's exactly
how I feel when I see Manchester City lose, like, for real.
Nothing makes me happier in the context of football,
obviously. Nothing makes me happier. Fuck City, you know
what I'm saying? Like, for real, bro? Nothing makes me
happier. No, I'm not a Tottenham fan. But anybody who beats
Manchester City- much love and respect, you know what I'm
saying? I love watching City lose, bro. I can't explain it.
I can't express it. But anyway, back to the teams that are
looking strong this year. Man United, like I said, is
looking really strong, you know? We signed some good
players. I don't think we're ever going to look like the old
Manchester United, you know? Back when Wazza was playing,
Ronaldo's playing, you know? I don't think we'll ever get
back to that level, you know what I mean? The past is the
past. We'll never have that team again. However, I do think
that we're starting to look a lot more like the Man United
of the past. The main problem that we have had over the
years, even last year, is consistency. Like we've always had
talented players, even last year, I mean, we finished second
last year and really it was only the second half of the
season that got us up to that level when we signed Bruno and
we looked like a different team, you know what I mean? So
for Man United, I just think it's consistency because we
have a ridiculous amount of talented players, especially
attacking players, you know what I mean? But you know who
else looks really strong? It's Chelsea, surprisingly, man. I
mean, and now they signed Lukaku. They're looking really,
really, really good this year. Really good. They also have a
lot of talented players. I like their style of play and now
that they got Lukaku, man, I think they are a force to be
reckoned with, like for real. And I'm actually kind of
disappointed that it didn't work out with Lukaku at United
and I think that was maybe three years ago. And there's a
lot of cases like that. When you think about United's
history, we had Lukaku, lost him, we had Di Maria, lost him,
Memphis Depay as well, a very talented player, lost him. I
feel like there's some other ones I just can't think of
them. But still we've had a lot of talented players come in
to Man United and then leave for whatever reason. Maybe it
was relationships with the...the manager at the time,
coaches, we have no idea. But imagine the Man United with
Angel Di Maria still, you know what I mean? I was really sad
when we lost him after just one year. One year man. Now,
lastly, I just want to talk really quick about what I think
makes the Premier League so special, man, because there's
really nothing like it on Earth. There's other great leagues
around the world, other great players and things like that,
great competitions, but the Premier League...the Premier
League is just special, I think because one, the style of
football, you know, it's very attack centric, you know, in
England, in my opinion, the attacking football is a very
notable characteristic. When you watch English Premier
League, you're going to see attack, attack, attack, attack,
maybe not so much strategic controlling of the game through
possession and things like that, although there are a few
teams like Manchester City who do that extremely well. Most
teams and most players is like attack, attack, attack the
entire game, you know what I mean? And I think that's part
of it but also just the diversity in the league. Now, I know
that there's diversity in other leagues around the world,
but in the Premier League, you see players from all over the
world playing together. I mean, if you just look at
Manchester City or at United or at Chelsea, these different
players with different styles and abilities from all over
the world. Whereas in many other countries, every player on
the team is from the same country. Now, I'm not saying that
what country you're from makes a huge difference. You know,
in your football, at the end of the day, you're the
individual that has to play. But I think it has something to
do with it. And you can see that in the World Cup, like it's
partly the manager, but the players. The German players have
a certain style and energy, Spanish players, Brazilian
players, American players. I think each team has their own
identity and the fact that they're all from the same country
has something to do with that, I think, you know? But I just
think that's one of the things that makes it so special is
you have players from all over the world playing on these
teams. It's just insane levels of talent, insane levels of
attack. It's high energy most of the time from start to
finish. And not only that, but it's one of those leagues
that every weekend it doesn't matter who's playing. It could
be the team in position number one on the table versus team
in position number twenty. And the lowest team in the league
could beat the best team in the league any weekend, any
time. It doesn't matter. It's really not about that. And you
could see a game between like Manchester City and, you know,
Brighton or West Brom and you think, "Oh, Manchester City's
gonna beat them three or four to zero." You know what I'm
saying? But you really never know. It happens all the time.
Some of the lowest teams in the league beat the best teams,
the highest teams in the league every weekend. And I think
that's really what I'm trying to say is there's so much
competition. The level of competition is so high. Nobody
cares that you're Manchester United or Chelsea or Arsenal.
You could lose any week and there's no guaranteed results in
the Premier League ever. And I think that's why it's so
popular, because it's so exciting. You just never know
what's gonna happen. You never know who's going to score,
what upsets are going to happen and stuff like that. So
there's a lot of talented managers, a lot of talented
players, high energy, lots of attack, and you just never
know what's gonna happen. I think that's what makes the
Premier League so special. Alright, my friend, that's it for
now, man. I talked way more than I expected to, but I just
love football. I love the Premier League. I could talk for
three more hours about it. If I would have written some
notes and prepared and shit like that, we could, we could
talk all week about Premier League. I should start a damn
soccer podcast or something like that. I love soccer so
much, man. And if you are a fan of Premier League or just
soccer in general, or if you have any thoughts and opinions,
do not be afraid. Shoot me a message on social or start a
conversation or leave a comment below. If you're watching
this on YouTube, do not be afraid to make comments, send
messages, leave your opinions, you know? Do what you do,
man. Let's start a conversation because I love football. I
could talk about it all day, every day. But anyway, that's
Coffee with Kaizen number three. And I'll see you tomorrow.
Peace!